content/projects/openuk-meetup-june2025.md, before:

+++
date = '2025-04-03T20:17:55+09:00'
draft = false
title = 'Optimizing Documentation Workflow - OpenUK June Meetup'
layout = "custom"
author = "Hanku"
+++

# Where has documentation automation gotten us?

## Table of Contents
- [Background](#background)
- [Presentation Flow](#presentation-flow)
- [Conclusion & Q&A](#conclusion--qa)

## Background

This is my presentation plan for the OpenUK June Meetup. The session will focus on improving documentation workflow by leveraging automation, AI, and modern deployment tools. The event details can be found here: [OpenUK Meetup - June 2025](https://www.meetup.com/openuk/events/305734142/).

## Presentation Flow

- **Introduction (2 min):** Why automation matters in documentation

- **Key Topics:**
    - Sustaining docs by updating outdated content (a common issue in open source projects)
    - How writing — often overlooked in automation efforts — can be made more effective through better workflows, tooling, and community-driven feedback
    - Vercel for automated deployment

- **Efficient Writing with Shortcodes (5 min):**
    - Why use shortcodes?
    - Accelerates content creation
    - Maintains consistency in styling and formatting
    - SEO Optimization

- **Live Demo (5 min):**
    - Using front matter templates
    - Implementing shortcodes for quick formatting and SEO Optimization

## Conclusion & Q&A

Commit message:

docs: emphasize deployment as key to contributor experience in open source docs

content/projects/openuk-meetup-june2025.md, after:

+++
date = '2025-04-03T20:17:55+09:00'
draft = false
title = 'Optimizing Documentation Workflow - OpenUK June Meetup'
layout = "custom"
author = "Hanku"
+++

# Where has documentation automation gotten us?

## Table of Contents
- [Background](#background)
- [Presentation Flow](#presentation-flow)
- [Conclusion & Q&A](#conclusion--qa)

## Background

This is my presentation plan for the OpenUK June Meetup. The session will focus on improving documentation workflow by leveraging automation, AI, and modern deployment tools. The event details can be found here: [OpenUK Meetup - June 2025](https://www.meetup.com/openuk/events/305734142/).

## Presentation Flow

- **Introduction (2 min):** Why automation matters in documentation

- **Key Topics:**
    - Sustaining docs by updating outdated content (a common issue in open source projects)
    - How writing — often overlooked in automation efforts — can be made more effective through better workflows, tooling, and community-driven feedback
    - Deploy like it matters — because for contributors, real-time feedback makes all the difference

- **Efficient Writing with Shortcodes (5 min):**
    - Why use shortcodes?
    - Accelerates content creation
    - Maintains consistency in styling and formatting
    - SEO Optimization

- **Live Demo (5 min):**
    - Using front matter templates
    - Implementing shortcodes for quick formatting and SEO Optimization

## Conclusion & Q&A
